# 000002
score = 9
register = web
web
< web_2020_fash_0034/>
t005640  How to create a minimal morning makeup routine How to create a minimal 
morning makeup routine How to create a minimal morning makeup routine It ' s a 
common misconception that , in order to get a glowing complexion , you need to 
use foundation . Not true ! It ' s possible to give your skin a bit of a 
breather , especially in the summer heat and still look healthy and 
lit-from-within . You may be embracing a more low-key makeup look during 
lockdown . Or just want a quick routine in the morning . Either way , read on 
for our tips on creating a minimal makeup routine . Fill In Brows Whether it be 
pomade , powder , or pencil , go ahead and fill in your brows using your 
favourite product . This will give your brows shape and dimension as well as 
making your eyes pop . Or if you want to go for a more natural look , you can 
just swipe some brow gel through your hairs and you ' re done . Apply Primer 
Using a glowing , hydrating primer is the ideal applying it all over your face 
for a radiant look or to the high points so that it catches the light . If you 
have oily skin , you may want to use a mattifying primer to keep shine at bay . 
Lanc ? me La Base Pro Perfecting Make-up Primer Curl Lashes For a bright-eyed 
look , emphasising your lashes is a must . And to get a more voluminous 
appearance , it ' s best to use an eyelash curler . However , if you are going 
for a more low-key makeup look , feel free to forego your mascara . Touch Up 
Concealer To give your complexion a flawless appearance , use a concealer . 
Apply it under your eyes or anywhere you need a little extra coverage . Just 
make sure you are blending it into your skin for a streak-free finish . And to 
make sure it stays all day , do n't forget to use some powder . Highlight Grab 
your glowing highlighter and apply it to the high points of your face . We are 
talking about To ensure that there are no harsh lines , make sure you blend 
everything out well . If you are using a brush to apply your product , go back 
over it with a beauty sponge . For a shimmery highlighter that is easy to blend 
, use a liquid formula . Finish With Blush Now , this step is not necessary . 
However , we think it adds a subtle flush of colour that is perfect for your 
sun-kissed summer look . If you are worried about your blush melting off your 
skin during the summer heat , use a powder blush and be sure to