# 000001
score = 130
register = acad
acad
< Millennials’ purchasing behavior toward fashion clothing brands: influence of brand awareness and brand schematicity/>
t003328  Introduction The worldwide fashion apparel market , worth US$ trillion 
, makes up % of the global gross domestic product and employs m textile workers 
, an increase from . m Millennials ' purchasing behaviour over the previous 
years . In a similar vein , a report from Clothing stores also acknowledged 
that the global revenue in the fashion retailing reached $ . trillion in and is 
expected to grow by % by . Despite the growth ***LOADED  and importance of 
fashion retailing , only a limited number of studies focus on customers ' 
attitude related to the fashion clothing brands . Therefore , it is essential 
to understand the brand-related consumers ' purchasing behavior more deeply to 
accelerate the industry performance ***LOADED  . The current research has 
considered millennials , young consumers , born between and . As empirical 
investigation reveals , globally the millennials represent the largest 
generational population , and their purchasing power is making them an 
attractive target for the fashion clothing brand industry . The segment also 
represents a significant portion of global fashion retail consumption . 
Research shows that the millennials are an exceptional cluster who are young , 
affluent , educated , tech-savvy and inclined to a positive social behavior . 
However , academic literature has so far failed to acknowledge the connection 
***LOADED  of the significant attributes that affect how the millennials 
purchase their fashion clothing brands . Although several studies explore 
diverse consumers and their behavior in regard to the fashion clothing brands 
during the year – , none of the studies have looked at brand consciousness , 
brand awareness , brand nationality and brand schematicity in one framework 
***LOADED  to get more insights about the millennials ' purchasing behavior 
toward the fashion clothing brands . Authors refer to BC as the consumers ' 
mental orientation to purchasing well-known brand-name products , whereas BS is 
a result of the consumer socialization process which provides people with the " 
skills , knowledge ***LOADED  and attitudes " relevant to consumption . Unique 
experiences with a particular brand influence socialization and may instill 
consumers with brand-based associations that serve as the cognitive schema and 
emphasize the value of brands in general . According to Keller , BA is the 
consumers ' ability to identify a brand under different conditions in the form 
of brand recognition and brand recall . Researchers ***LOADED  claim that to 
attract new customers and retain the existing ones , firms need to distinguish 
themselves from their competitors . Previous studies also suggested that 
country image activates concepts and knowledge ***LOADED  that form the 
consumers ' interpretation , are that evaluation of products are influencing 
the assessments of the existing brand . The literature also provides evidence 
that consumers ' knowledge ***LOADED  of BN or origin may have a significant 
influence on their judgments of quality , brand attitudes and purchasing 
behavior in the respective marketplace . The contemporary researches also 
suggest that the fashion industry is comprehensive in nature and encompasses 
the continuous expansion of consumer 's understanding ***LOADED  regarding the 
fashion trends , consumers ' lifestyle ***LOADED  and cultural dimensions . As 
we see a lot of fashion brands in the marketplace , our purchase decisions 
follow a thorough evaluation , and thus consumers develop an emotional 
relationship ***LOADED  with brands . Therefore , we assume that the consumers 
assess a brand based on the cue of BA , BS , BC and BN ; however , there is 
scant empirical evidence on this topic . In our research context , the 
millennials who have a high BC of the fashion clothing brands believe that 
these brands reflect their personality . Besides , the millennials ' brand 
preferences ***LOADED  have both a direct and indirect effect on the purchasing 
behavior of their families and peers . Thus , the primary aim of this research 
is to investigate MCPBFCB in the spectrum of BA , BS with BC and BN empirically 
. , Author Research context Focal construct Research design Major findings 
***LOADED  Beaudoin et al. Adolescents fashion behavior Fashion innovativeness 
, brand sensitivity , classification of fashion adopters Cross-sectional survey 
with sample In the process of fashion diffusion , first , the female has a 
greater role than males , and second , consumers who are innovators and early 
adopters put importance on fashion attributes O'Cass Antecedents and 
consequences of fashion clothing involvement ***LOADED  Materialism , gender , 
age , fashion clothing involvement ***LOADED  , subjective knowledge ***LOADED  
, confidence Cross-sectional survey with samples Consumers fashion knowledge 
***LOADED  and confidence are significantly influenced by the level of 
involvement ***LOADED  Wang et al. Local and international fashion brand 
clothing choices and subsequent connection ***LOADED  with consumer 's 
decisionmaking style Monthly spending on clothing , brand loyalty , price 
consciousness , hedonistic , qualityconscious , brand consciousness , reading 
fashion magazine , demographic variables Cross-sectional mall intercept survey 
with samples International fashion clothing preferred by the consumers portray 
a unique lifestyle ***LOADED  and shopping orientation comparing to consumers 
who prefer domestic fashion clothing Grant and Stephen Communicating factors 
***LOADED  influence on " tweenage " girls purchasing intentions on fashion 
clothing Advertising knowledge ***LOADED  , product evaluation decision 
strategies , information search product and brand knowledge ***LOADED  
Qualitative study with a fourstructured focus group interviews Brand name 
significantly influences the consumption of fashion clothing , and consumers 
are interested to pay a premium pricing for such fashion clothing O'Cass and 
Choy Generation Y consumers product involvement ***LOADED  for fashion clothing 
in China Fashion clothing involvement ***LOADED  , brand status , brand 
attitude , willing to pay premium Cross-sectional survey with samples Consumer 
's level of involvement ***LOADED  has a positive influence on the brand status 
followed by brand attitude Goldsmith et al. Materialism , brand engagement and 
status consumption impact consumer 's connection ***LOADED  and loyalty for 
clothing Materialism , brand engagement , status consumption , clothing 
involvement ***LOADED  , clothing brand loyalty Cross-sectional survey with 
samples Materialism followed by brand engagement and status consumption 
positively influence a consumer 's clothing involvement ***LOADED  and loyalty 
Table . Review of selected researches on fashion clothing brand during – 
Millennials ' purchasing behaviour Author Research context Focal construct 
Research design Major findings ***LOADED  O'Cass and Siahtiri Fashion clothing 
buying behavior with the perspective of status consumption and brand status 
perceptions Status consumption , brand preference ***LOADED  , brand status , 
willing to pay premium Cross-sectional survey with samples Consumers are highly 
statusconscious which has a substantial influence on brand status perceptions 
followed by brand preference ***LOADED  Su Examining inter relationship 
***LOADED  among brand equity dimensions in the fast fashion context Perceived 
quality , brand personality , brand loyalty , perceived value , brand awareness 
Cross-sectional survey with samples Perceived value and brand personality are 
positively impacted by brand awareness Chang and Fan Determinants of continuous 
customerbrand relationship ***LOADED  through social networking sites Social 
interaction tie , engagement , selfimage congruence , hedonic value , 
utilitarian value , affective commitment , continued intention to use 
Cross-sectional survey with samples Engagement and affective commitment 
influence a consumer 's continued intention to use Rahman and Mannan Domestic 
fashion clothing brands purchase behavior Central route , peripheral route , 
information adoption , online brand experience , perceived eWOM credibility , 
online brand familiarity , purchase behavior Cross-sectional survey with 
samples Information adoption and brand experience in an online environment 
significantly influence a consumer 's purchase behavior Aagerup and Scharf How 
fashion model 's physical appearance influences the attraction for fashion 
clothing brands Normal weight , obese , culture , consumers own body type , 
gender An experimental study with samples Men rate higher attractiveness for 
fashion brands presented with regular weight models compared to brands 
exhibited by obese models . Female exhibits inverse response Salem and Salem 
Understanding ***LOADED  luxury consumer behavior through a comprehensive model 
integrating social identity , self- identity and price premium Social identity 
, selfidentity , attitude , subjective norm , perceived behavioral control , 
purchase intention , purchase behaviour and price premium Cross-sectional 
survey with samples Social identity and self-identity both positively influence 
a consumer 's attitude and perceived behavioral control . Luxury fashion 
purchase intention also impacts purchase behaviour and willingness to pay 
premium price Table . , Author Research context Focal construct Research design 
Major findings ***LOADED  Kautish and Sharma Association among consumer values 
, fashion consciousness and behavioral intentions in online fashion retail 
Terminal value , instrumental value , brand consciousness , behavioral 
intentions Cross-sectional survey with samples Both terminal and instrumental 
values affect fashion consciousness followed by the significant mediating role 
of fashion consciousness between consumer values and behavioral intentions Lee 
et al. Understanding ***LOADED  the impact of cultural differences on young 
consumer 's attitudes and purchase intentions Perceived conspicuousness value , 
perceived uniqueness value , perceived social value , perceived hedonic value , 
perceived quality value , brand familiarity Cross-sectional survey with samples 
from South Korea and samples from USA Conspicuous , social and quality values 
moderate the relationship ***LOADED  between cultural differences and a 
consumer 's responses to luxury brands Samala and Singh Engagement behavior of 
millennials for fashion clothing brands Involvement ***LOADED  , brand 
engagement , knowledge ***LOADED  , brand love , brand advocacy Cross-sectional 
survey with samples Millennials are highly involved , with extensive knowledge 
***LOADED  that increases the positivity in relationships ***LOADED  among 
brand dimensions Jain Conceptualizing and measuring the relationship ***LOADED  
between luxury value perceptions and purchase intentions among the young luxury 
consumers Conspicuous value , uniqueness value , susceptibility to normative 
influence , experiential value , utilitarian value and purchase intention 
Cross-sectional survey with samples Conspicuous value is found as the stronger 
predictor for luxury purchase intentions of young consumers Su et al. 
Perceptions and consumption behavior of US and Chinese millennials towards 
sustainable fashion clothing products Consumer 's apparel sustainability 
knowledge ***LOADED  , consumer 's Attitude , consumer 's Value , consumer 's 
willingness to buy Cross-sectional survey with samples and samples Personal 
value and sustainability knowledge ***LOADED  have significant effect on a 
consumer 's attitude toward sustainable clothing products Table . Millennials ' 
purchasing behaviour This paper starts with a literature review and formulates 
the research hypotheses along with the development ***LOADED  of a conceptual 
framework ***LOADED  , followed by the methods , experimental findings 
***LOADED  and reporting on the technical and managerial ***LOADED  
entanglements . Finally , this paper concisely discusses the research 
limitations and the prospective research direction . Literature review and 
hypotheses development ***LOADED  Fashion is an activity ***LOADED  whereby an 
individual expresses personal tastes and interests through clothing . The 
conceptualization of fashion is considered an objective reflection of 
behavioral processes through which consumers present their lifestyles ***LOADED 
 . Fashion clothing is identified as a highly animated product category that 
communicates the related brand preference ***LOADED  and reflects the consumer 
's self-image . Research on fashion has received particular attention in the 
field of fashion marketing ***LOADED  and brand management ***LOADED  . Fashion 
is an innovative industry with dynamic changes that result from technological 
advancements . Prior research has extensively studied various dimensions to 
explain a consumer 's behavior toward the fashion clothing brands . The Table 
presents a summary of the selected studies on the fashion clothing brands . To 
identify the existing research , we searched the databases of Scopus , Web of 
Knowledge , Business Source Complete , Emerald and ScienceDirect with the 
keyword " fashion clothing brand " . As depicted in the Table , the marketing 
***LOADED  scholars mostly emphasized understanding the consumers ' fashion 
buying behaviors for various segments Research context Focal construct Research 
design Major findings ***LOADED  Miao Understanding different fashion retail 
store formats of the same brand in what extent and how affect consumer 's 
satisfaction and loyalty Store environment , satisfaction , attitudinal loyalty 
, behavioral loyalty Cross-sectional survey with samples Attitudinal loyalty 
directly influences behavioral loyalty , and satisfaction indirectly influences 
behavioral loyalty through the mediating effect of attitudinal loyalty Jain 
Understanding the effect of consumers subjective norm on luxury purchase 
intentions of General Y consumer Attitude , subjective norm , perceived 
behavioral control and purchase intention Cross-sectional survey with samples 
Subjective norm positively influences luxury purchase intentions of a consumer 
Jain and Mishra Understanding ***LOADED  luxury fashion consumption in the 
perspective of sharing economy Economic benefits , fashion involvement 
***LOADED  , self-pleasing experience , social projection , perceived risk , 
past sustainable behaviour and intention to consume luxury in sharing economy 
Cross-sectional survey with samples Social projection value is found as the 
significant predictor of intention to consume luxury fashion on a sharing basis 
Table . Source : Author 's analysis , millennial , Generation Y ) . Furthermore 
, literature streams also reveal that no prior study on the fashion clothing 
brand highlighted the role of BA and BS together to understand a consumer 's 
purchasing behavior . On the other hand , BS is a relatively new way to 
understand the individual differences in processing the brand-associated 
information that substantially impacts the branding and marketing efforts . We 
take into consideration this phenomenon of individual differences or BS . The 
primary aim of this paper is to critically analyze the role of BS to understand 
the purchasing behavior of the millennials . Despite the importance of 
understanding consumers ' brand processing information at the individual level 
, to the best our knowledge ***LOADED  there has been no empirical evidence on 
whether BS has a role in predicting MCPBFCB . Therefore , in the present study 
, we examine the role of BS on the MCPBFCB while considering BA , BC and BN in 
a single framework ***LOADED  as depicted in the Figure . In this study , we 
also acknowledge the theory of cognitive self-schema . This theory explains an 
individual 's psychology based on the perception of information that humans 
develop over time and how that built up information drives decision-making . An 
individual 's positive self-schema plays a moderating role in converting 
intentions to actual behavior and therefore helps researchers ***LOADED  
understand the gap between intention and behavior . According to Samala and 
Singh , the schema knowledge ***LOADED  helps to create a particular behavior 
by highlighting the default choices or the attractive attributes . In this 
study , researchers ***LOADED  tried to identify more attributes that the 
millennials take into consideration when buying the fashion items . Note : 
MCPBFCB : Millennial purchase behavior ; BC : Brand Consciousness , BN : Brand 
Nationality , BA : Brand Awareness , BS : Brand schematicity H Brand Awareness 
Millennial 's Purchase Behavior Brand Nationality Brand Consciousness H H H H 
Brand Schematicity H H H H H Figure . MCPBFCB embedded with the function of BA 
, BC , BN and BS Millennials ' purchasing behaviour BA and purchasing behavior 
BA is a fundamental driving force for the consumer decision-making . The 
consumer decisionmaking for products or services is highly driven by the 
associated BA , which refers to whether or not consumers can recognize and 
recall a brand under various circumstances . Though BA and brand recognition 
are used interchangeably , brand recognition , along with brand recall , are 
two pivotal dimensions that illustrate BA . Brand recognition is based upon an 
aided recall where consumers can recognize the brands from a given list based 
on their prior exposure , and brand recall relies on an unaided recall where 
consumers retrieve brand information from their memory based on industry 
prompts . The first name that comes into a consumer 's mind when asked is an 
example of BA at the highest level . BA is a presence already formed in the 
mind of the consumers . BA acts as a primary driver that initiates the building 
***LOADED  of brand resonance , and the demand for a brand is created by the 
level of a consumer 's BA in addition ***LOADED  to the role of decision 
heuristics which significantly influence a consumer 's decision-making . The 
fashion clothing brands are distinctively experiential , and a consumer 's 
experience is shaped by building confidence and connection ***LOADED  , which 
leads to forming an increased BA . The increased BA creates loyalty and 
long-term customer relationship ***LOADED  opportunities for brands and their 
consumers . BA plays a pivotal role in establishing recognition of the fashion 
clothing brands among young consumers , positively affecting their brand equity 
. The most recognized model for the consumer purchase decision-making , 
corroborated by Engel et al. , presents five stages of the consumer 
decision-making process , where the consumers ' purchasing behavior is 
different from the purchase intention . Morrison first distinguished between 
the purchase intention and the purchasing behavior where the purchase intention 
is the willingness of the consumers to buy a product and the purchasing 
behavior portrays whether consumers purchase the product they previously 
intended to buy . So , the purchasing behavior indicates the consumers ' actual 
buying behavior . The consumer purchase intention has been used as a proxy 
variable to measure the consumer buying behavior , but the consumer purchase 
intention does always lead to the actual purchasing behavior . Much of the more 
significant part of the literature on BA from different contexts investigated 
the association between BA and purchase intentions in the fashion clothing 
industry . There is a relatively small body of literature that is concerned 
with the link between BA and purchasing behavior . Huang and Sarig€ollu € 
empirically exhibited the positive connection ***LOADED  between BA and 
consumers ' preference ***LOADED  for a brand , followed by the brand market 
outcomes . Consumers form behaviors directly from a situational or 
environmental circumstance , and the more consumers experience a product , the 
more the awareness for that brand grows , which stimulates the consumer 
purchasing behavior . For the fashion clothing products , a consumer 's degree 
of involvement ***LOADED  in fashion clothing positively influences the 
consumers ' fashion clothing knowledge ***LOADED  , or brand knowledge 
***LOADED  , thus increasing BA . The consumers with fashion BA are pioneers 
with the significant brand knowledge ***LOADED  who put a great deal of 
emphasis on specific fashion clothing brands by searching and collecting the 
necessary information about them . This enables them to become influential in 
promoting the fashion clothing brands to their peers . Conversely , only a 
high-level BA is sufficient to influence a consumer 's decision-making process 
in the low-involvement situations as in those situations consumers rely on the 
brand , knowledge ***LOADED  associated with BA . Therefore , we hypothesize 
that the higher the BA , the more it will influence MCPBFCB . H . BA has a 
positive influence on the MCPBFCB . BC and BA BC is the degree to which a 
consumer prefers to buy a popular brand 's product compared to the other 
available brands and also the level of association consumers feel toward the 
respective product . So , the consumers who are brand conscious prefer to buy 
the branded products . Consumers with a high level of BC perceive that brands 
portray a symbol of prestige and status . Conscious consumers do not want to 
disengage from the fashion trends as their clothes communicate status and 
tastes . In a recent study , Kautish et al. exhibited that the consumers ' 
terminal and instrumental values associated with the luxury brands positively 
influence the consumers ' BC particularly for fashion apparels . The 
fashionable clothing brands represent the self-image enhancement for consumers 
, motivating them toward luxury consumption to impress others through and 
establish a high social status . Moreover , as the proliferation of technology 
creates easy access to the online fashion retailers , this brings more 
convenience in shopping for consumers and positively affects their desire to 
revisit the site and enhances the consumers ' BC . Interestingly , the fashion 
clothing brand shoppers exhibit the highest level of BC . BC for fashion 
clothing is regarded as pivotal for the consumers who want to portray a 
prestigious , fashionable lifestyle ***LOADED  . Prior studies examined the 
logo change effect on consumers ' attitudes , and only the consumers with a 
high BC put significant effort into processing the new information because they 
valued the changes in the brand attributes . Consumers are motivated to 
undertake this extensive effort because of their awareness of the brand through 
prior experience and the importance of the brand in their mind . It is 
hypothesized in this study that the higher a millennial consumer 's BC for the 
fashion clothing brands , the higher their BA of the fashion clothing products 
. H . BC has a positive influence on BA for the fashion clothing brands . BC 
and purchasing behavior The consumers who are highly brand-conscious seek 
quality products while making the purchase decisions , particularly in the 
clothing selection ***LOADED  that requires both the quality fit and brand name 
. The brand-conscious consumers follow a comfortable pattern that drives them 
to go for the well-known and expensive choices that represent them with new 
styles rarely used by others . A great deal of previous research into the BC 
has highlighted the positive influence of BC on the consumer purchasing 
behavior . The consumers who are brand-conscious possess a subjective 
preference ***LOADED  toward the reputable brands ; thus , their purchasing 
behavior is different from the consumers with a minimal level of BC . The 
brand-aware consumers are fashion-conscious and display risk aversion in the 
purchasing decisions through their brand association . BC , along with quality 
consciousness , are identified as the key driving factors ***LOADED  in the 
consumer online shopping behavior . BC exposes the underlying intention of the 
consumers to purchase the brands which are analogous to their self-image and 
identity and exhibit status and prestige . In a recent study , Sharda and Bhat 
articulated that BC is a significant predictor and driver of young consumers ' 
consumption and purchase of the luxury brands . Therefore , BC shapes the 
Millennials ' purchasing behaviour consumer purchasing intention which 
ultimately leads to the actual purchasing behavior . Thus , this study 
hypothesizes the following : H . BC has a positive influence on the MCPBFCB . 
BN , BA and purchasing behavior The proliferation of the Internet and 
globalization has brought the world of information to our finger tips , which 
enables consumers to be updated about the latest fashion trends of different 
countries and celebrities . BN is also known as nation branding , which refers 
to the distinctive blends of elements with diversified dimensions that provide 
a nation differentiation and association from a cultural perspective for its 
target audiences . Brands put extensive effort into crafting and positioning a 
brand 's identity in the mind of consumers by familiarizing and inspiring 
consumers nationally and internationally . The nation branding exposes a 
considerable set of connotations about a nation that is activated in a consumer 
's mind through what he/she experiences , listens ***LOADED  to and remembers . 
The brand of a nation is reflected through its image , values and identity and 
the communication of those factors ***LOADED  to the external world so that the 
consumers of other nations build positive perceptions toward that particular 
nation . The country of origin , destination branding , country-product image 
and country identity all underpin the nation branding concept . We assume that 
the country-product image is pertinent in our study context . The country image 
is an effective evaluation of the existing products along with an assessment of 
the new products from that country , as well as an acceptance of the foreign 
products . The brands built upon the country image affect the consumer product 
evaluations by evoking positive or negative feelings ***LOADED  followed by 
positive or negative ratings which indeed lead to favorable or unfavorable 
product preferences ***LOADED  . Consumers have the perception that the 
products from the developed countries are much better produced and manufactured 
***LOADED  . The brands that are associated with a perceived high-quality 
country image are already positioned and recognized in the mind of consumers , 
which positively influences the consumer risk-value perceptions and the 
willingness to experience the product . Because of this BA and BN , consumers 
will favorably evaluate the new products and brand line extensions from the 
same country . Therefore , we hypothesize that the higher the BN of the fashion 
clothing brand , the higher the BA of their fashion products . H . BN has a 
positive influence on BA of the fashion clothing brands . BN brings a positive 
influence on the consumer purchasing decisions as consumers believe that a 
product 's or service 's origin delivers quality . Certain consumers have firm 
affinity toward the foreign products , and this buying intention has become a 
priority for the global marketers . These same marketers experience a high 
corporate competition as they try to achieve global market expansion . Early 
examples of research on the nation branding emphasized that the practitioners 
should assess the consumer purchasing behavior with the product-country match 
information , which will lead to formulating their product branding strategy . 
The nation branding with a favorable product-country image has an immediate 
effect on consumer beliefs and directly influences their purchasing behaviors . 
Nation branding is an indispensable attribute , unlike price – quality , that 
directly affects the consumer purchasing behavior by simplifying the product 
evaluations and decision-making process . The nation branding acts as an 
extrinsic cue for the consumer product evaluation and the subsequent purchasing 
behaviors . Thereby , we hypothesize the following : , H . BN has a positive 
influence on MCPBFCB . Mediating role of BA We theorize that BA exerts a 
mediated influence on the consumer purchasing behavior involving BC and BN . At 
the time of purchase , the first thing that comes into a consumer 's mind is 
the brand title or name , which shows the BA and brand recognition . Despite 
the direct effect of BC and BN on the consumer purchasing behavior , we expect 
BA to transmit the impact of BC and the BN indirectly on the consumer 
purchasing behavior . Previous research examined the mediating role of BA 
between the consumers ' emotional dimensions and purchase intentions for the 
high-involvement products . Garg et al. exhibited the significant mediating 
role of BA between the marketing-mix elements and the consumers ' satisfaction 
in the context of the consumer durable goods sector . The mediating role of BA 
was also examined in another study to understand the effectiveness of brand 
advertisement on brand commitment in the female apparel industry . Asadollahi 
et al. investigated the relationship ***LOADED  between the sports consumers ' 
satisfaction and the expected product-service quality with post-purchasing 
behavior and the mediating role of BA . In a recent study , Hafez articulated 
the mediating position of BA between corporate social responsibility and brand 
equity . However , the role of BA as a mediator between BC and purchasing 
behavior followed by BN and purchasing behavior is rarely explored in the 
context of fashion clothing brands . Therefore , this study postulates the 
following hypotheses for further empirical assessment : H . BA mediates the 
relationship ***LOADED  between BC and the MCPBFCB . H . BA mediates the 
relationship ***LOADED  between BN and the MCPBFCB . BS The role of branding 
has a significant impact on understanding consumer behaviors . The 
consumer–brand relationship ***LOADED  has been extensively researched in the 
field of marketing ***LOADED  , with a finding ***LOADED  that some consumers 
respond in the same manner to a firm 's branding activities ***LOADED  , 
whereas other consumers are either brand-schematic or brand-aschematic . BS is 
an individual characteristic that says that the brand-schematic consumers 
process information for any product in reference ***LOADED  to its available 
brand information , whereas the brand-aschematic consumers consider other 
details instead of brand information . Commercially positioned brands get 
prioritized by the brand-schematic consumers , and across all product 
categories this BS can be applied . The brandschematic consumers organize , 
interpret and retrieve consumption-related information at the level of the 
brand node . Moreover , the brand-schematic consumers value the brand which is 
essential to them . Brand information is perceived diagnostically by the 
brand-schematic consumers , and they adopt the schema-related dimensions to 
evaluate and criticize the brand-related news . Prior research examined the 
relationship ***LOADED  between the aesthetic brands and the brand accessories 
***LOADED  with the moderating role of BS . Carsana and Jolibert exhibited the 
moderating role BS in purchasing situations have on the product cues perceived 
necessary by the consumers . In a recent study Carsana and Jolibert explored 
the influence of BS on the brand authenticity in respect to the private-level 
brands . They found that the brand-schematic consumers perceive the brand 
authenticity dimensions that are favorable , and the BS also increases the 
consumer willingness to pay for the private-level brands . In our research 
about Millennials ' purchasing behaviour the fashion clothing brands , 
consumers process extensive information in all the brandassociated settings : 
BN , BC , BA and subsequently MCPBFCB . Consumers who are receptive 
deliberately receive , store , interpret and retrieve brand information for the 
decision-making purposes . Therefore , the individual differences in brand 
information reflect the impact of the branding efforts , purchasing behavior 
and overall consumer behaviors . We posit that BS has a moderating role in our 
research context and hypothesize the following : H . The higher the consumers ' 
BS , the higher the positive effect of BC on the MCPBFCB . H . The higher the 
consumers ' BS , the higher the positive effect of BA on the MCPBFCB . H . The 
higher the consumers ' BS , the higher the positive effect of BN on the MCPBFCB 
. Therefore , based on the above discussion ***LOADED  , the following 
conceptual model for this empirical study explains the relationship ***LOADED  
between fashion clothing BA and MCPBFCB by considering BC and BN , along with 
investigating the role of BS as a moderator between MCPBFCB . Research methods 
The study used the structural equation modeling method for analysing the 
proposed conceptual model as it was more flexible concerning the data 
requirements , model complexity and relationship ***LOADED  specifications . To 
perform the statistical analysis , the software packages AMOS and SPSS were 
employed . Before executing the test of hypotheses , the data for assessing the 
connected constructs , collected through the survey , were verified to check 
for reliability and validity . The study adopted the Cronbach 's α and the 
confirmatory factor ***LOADED  analysis to assess the reliability and the 
robustness of the instrument , respectively . Besides , the research also used 
the metrics such as composite reliability , the average variance extracted and 
loadings to test the instrument 's reliability and validity . Data collection 
***LOADED  and sample profile The study applied self-administered 
questionnaires by using the shopping mall and university campus intercept 
procedures , similar to Hossain et al. . The current research adopted a 
convenient sampling process to generate a substantial amount of respondents 
***LOADED  to conduct the current research . This study used the millennial 
consumers in Bangladesh born between the years and , aged – years at the time 
of the data collection ***LOADED  period . The study collected the data over a 
-week period including both the weekdays and the weekends , measuring the 
millennial consumer 's purchase behavior toward the fashion clothing brand in 
the shopping-related environment and the university campus environment that 
allowed the population of interest to relate to what the research intends to 
investigate by this empirical study . Hence , during the data collection 
***LOADED  period , the research applied the snowball sampling process to use 
the subjects to identify another issue among their acquaintances , aged – . 
Well-trained research assistants were used to do the data collection ***LOADED  
. The survey instrument was designed to take the respondents ***LOADED  not 
more than min to complete . The survey started with the screening questions to 
verify that the respondents ***LOADED  met the criteria of the survey . 
Afterward , the constructs were included to measure the possible predictors of 
MCPBFCB – namely , BC , BA , BN and BS . The survey also concluded with the 
demographic questions . Each of the constructs was measured using a five-point 
Likert scale , with being strongly agree and being strongly disagree . The 
detail of the demographic characteristics is given in the Table . , Construct 
operationalization and data analysis method The survey instruments were 
constructed based on some of the validated scales used in previous studies . 
The constructs were measured using multi-item scales . To investigate MCPBFCB , 
the study adapted the existing scales : BC , adapted from Giovannini et al. ; 
BN , adapted from MohdYasin et al. ; MCPBFCB , adapted from Caruana ; BA , 
adapted from Yoo and Donthu and BS , adapted from Zarantonello and 
Pauwels-Delassus . Common method variance Common method bias , in the context 
of SEM-oriented research , is brought about by the estimation technique 
utilized in the examination and not by the system of circumstances and results 
in the model being considered . For example , the rules at the start of an 
instrument may impact the appropriate responses given by various subjects in a 
similar general course , making the markers share a specific measure of common 
variation . The current research has spent considerable time measuring the 
common method variance effect in the design of studies and statistically . In 
the context of research design , researchers ***LOADED  improve scale items by 
eliminating ambiguity , reducing social desirability bias , word selection 
***LOADED  and the use of positive and negative elements . In this aspect , the 
current study carefully constructs the items by defining the unfamiliar terms , 
avoiding vague concepts and clarifying the concepts to the respondents 
***LOADED  during the survey , making the instrument simple , specific and 
concise and avoiding double-barreled questions . Also , we applied the Harman 
's single-factor Characteristics Total Percentage Gender Male % Female % Age 
Male . Female . Permanent residence Dhaka % Chittagong % Rajshahi % Mymensingh 
% Barisal % Khulna % Sylhet % Rangpur % Education College student % Bachelor 's 
student % First year master 's student % Money spent on clothing a month $ or 
less % $ -$ % $ and above % Table . Demographic characteristics of the 
respondents ***LOADED  Millennials ' purchasing behaviour test by using the 
exploratory factor ***LOADED  analysis procedure for all the datasets . The 
results revealed that the single-factor solution accounted for only . % of the 
total variance . Hence , common method variance was not a concern in this study 
as the common method bias is insignificant . Therefore , the study can proceed 
to the CFA and hypothesis testing . Research findings ***LOADED  CFA and 
assessment of validity and reliability CFA was performed on five constructs , 
including BC , BN , MCPBFCB , BA and BS . We used the maximum likelihood 
estimation in AMOS in the data analysis prior to incorporating the structural 
relationship ***LOADED  . The current research assessed the measurement 
***LOADED  model through the criteria of unidimensionality , reliability , 
validity and normality . Data achieve unidimensionality when all the items 
under each construct have acceptable factor ***LOADED  loadings that are 
greater than . . Reliability is the degree to which the things are dependably 
estimating the expected latent construct . The current study examines the 
reliability with the criterion of the Cronbach 's alpha value under the 
paradigm of more than or equal to . . The outcomes of the unidimensionality and 
dependability investigation for all the constructs are displayed in the Table . 
The study also tested the data to fit with the validity criteria which assess 
the ability of a construct to measure what it is supposed to measure . In this 
study , convergent and discriminant validities were examined for each construct 
. For testing the convergent validity , the composite reliability value must be 
more than or equal to . and the average variance extracted value must be more 
significant than or alike . . The result from the data revealed that all the 
constructs had fulfilled these two requirements . In addition ***LOADED  , the 
study tested discriminant validity by the square root of AVE for each construct 
, which should be higher than the correlation coefficients among the constructs 
. The statistical results also passed this threshold . The results from the CFA 
analysis suggested that the chi-square value at degrees of freedom is . which 
is less than or equal to . suggesting a satisfactory model fit . In addition 
***LOADED  , the study also tested other assessment measures to examine the 
model fit indexes such as the goodness-of-fit index , adjusted goodness-of-fit 
index , the comparative fit index , the Tucker–Lewis index and the 
root-mean-square error of approximation . Thus , the result from the CFA 
analysis concluded that the data fit well on the proposed model . The study 
then examined the psychometric properties of the measurement ***LOADED  model 
through validity and reliability tests . The results from the analysis revealed 
that all the standardized factor ***LOADED  loadings of the items for the 
underlying constructs are all significant at the . level and entirely suggest 
evidence of convergent validity . In addition ***LOADED  , the Table also 
highlights the result of the reliability and validity tests for evaluating the 
measurement ***LOADED  model . That is , each item strikes the component of the 
intended construct significantly . The current study calculates construct 
reliability , AVE , Cronbach alpha , maximum shared variance and average shared 
variance . The study shows that the value of CR and the Cronbach alpha of each 
construct meet the requirement as well as the convergent validity . In this 
study , the researchers ***LOADED  performed the MSV and ASV to support whether 
the theoretical construct of the measurement ***LOADED  model is well defined 
or not . According to the Fornell and Larcker index , higher values of AVE 
compared to the shared variance amongst the square of correlations in terms of 
pairs of constructs validate the discriminant validity . The result of the MSV 
and ASV should be lower than . to indicate a valid model . By inspecting both 
the ASV and MSV , the result suggests that the measurement ***LOADED  model is 
indeed valid . As , highlighted in the Table , the AVE for each construct is 
greater than all the related correlations , thus indicating discriminant 
validity . Structural model After confirming the validity and reliability of 
the data , the study tested the SEM to measure the hypothesized relations of BA 
, BC , BN and millennials ' BC toward MCPBFCB . The SEM analysis is similar to 
the study of Rahman et al. . The model was checked for the fitness , and the 
results were satisfactory in respect to χ /df . , p <  . ; GFI    . , AGFI    . 
, CFI    . , TLI    . , and RMSEA    . . The fit indices all meet the suggested 
statistic cut-off values. Hypotheses testing Each hypothesized relationship was 
examined based on the path significance test. The H  proposed that the BC has a 
positive influence on the MCPBFCB. The results showed that BA significantly 
influence the MCPBFCB  . Thus, the H  was First-order construct Item Factor 
loading   Cronbach's alpha   CR   AVE   BC BC  BC  BC  BC  BC  BC   .   .   .   
.   .   .   .   .   .  BN BN  BN  BN  BN  BN  BN   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   
.   .  MCPBFCB MCPBFCB  MCPBFCB  MCPBFCB   .   .   .   .   .   .  BA BA  BA  BA 
 BA   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  BS BS  BS  BS  BS  BS  BS   .   .   .   .   .  
 .   .   .   .  Latent construct MSV ASV BC BN MCPBFCB BA BS BC  .   .   .  BN  
.   .   .   .  MCPBFCB  .   .   .   .   .  BA  .   .   .   .   .   .  BS  .   . 
  .   .   .   .   .  Note : Convergent validity CR > AVE and AVE > . ; 
discriminant validity MSV < AVE ; ASV < AVE significant at the . level Table . 
Results of unidimensionality , reliability , convergent validity and 
discriminant analysis Millennials ' purchasing behaviour supported . 
Additionally ***LOADED  , the H predicted that BN has a positive influence on 
MCPBFCB . The results from the SEM found that a significant relationship 
***LOADED  exists between these two variables . Therefore , the research 
supports the H and H . To further test the mediating effect of BA between the 
relationships ***LOADED  of BC and MCPBFCB , as well as between BN and MCPBFCB 
, the study applied Baron and Kenny recommended procedure . A significant 
amount of research has applied the mediation testing suggested by Baron and 
Kenny . In addition ***LOADED  , in the context of fashion marketing ***LOADED  
research , the application of a mediation analysis using the logic suggested by 
Baron and Kenny has also been observed in the literature . A variable may 
function as a mediator when it meets all the following three conditions : The 
independent variables significantly influence the mediating variable ; The 
mediating variable significantly affects the dependent variable ; and When 
paths a and b are controlled by the study , a previously significant relation 
between the independent variables and the dependent variable is no longer 
meaningful . In that regard , we hypothesized that BC and BN would have a 
positive influence on BA among MCPBFCB . The results show that both the 
variables have a significant influence on BA . Thus , the H and H are supported 
. The H states BA has a positive influence on MCPBFCB . A significant positive 
effect was found from the data analysis that justifies supporting the H . Hence 
, the H is supported . Following Baron and Kenny recommendation to test the 
indirect effect of BA between the relationship ***LOADED  of BC and BN , the 
direct impact of each relationship ***LOADED  was examined and proved 
significant . After introducing the mediator variable , the paths became 
insignificant , indicating that both the variables are fully mediated by the BA 
. Afterward , we tested separately the idea that the BA demonstrated the 
stronger mediating effect on BC and MCPBFCB than on the relationship ***LOADED  
between BN and MCPBFCB . Based on the above findings ***LOADED  , the current 
research supported the H and H . The Table summarizes the results for the 
moderating role of BS . We also found significant interaction effects of the 
moderators among the three relationships ***LOADED  . The low and high values 
of BC , BN , BA and moderator variable BS represent values that are one 
standard deviation below and above the mean , respectively . For the dataset of 
the millennial consumers ' purchase behavior for the fashion clothing brands , 
the interaction between BC and BS was significant . The simple slope analysis 
revealed that BC is positively related to MCPBFCB when the millennials 
perceived a high level of BS . Thus , this research accepted the H , which 
shows that the higher the consumer BS , the higher the positive effect of BC on 
MCPBFCB . To test the interaction hypotheses of the H , we first standardized 
the independent variables and then created the product variables . In this 
process , the results from the SEM analysis revealed that the interactions 
between BS and BA were significant . Thus , the higher the consumer BS , the 
higher the positive effect of BA on MCPBFCB , as shown in the Table . Therefore 
, the current research supports the H Also , the simple slope analysis revealed 
that BN was positively related to MCPBFCB when BS was positive and on a high 
level . These , results support the H . Besides , the results also reveal that 
the model fit for each interaction effect analysis is in the threshold level 
for the final moderated model . The major objective of the current research was 
to examine the theoretical model proposed by the study and prove the empirical 
relationships ***LOADED  among the constructs . The SEM result revealed that 
the proposed conceptual model predicts the millennials ' purchasing behavior in 
light of BC , BN and BA , with BS in support . The following section explains 
the overall findings ***LOADED  of the research based on the proposed 
hypotheses . Discussions ***LOADED  The millennials ' purchasing behavior has 
been studied extensively in recent years for various product or service 
segments : cosmetics , apparel , technology , tourism and so on . Different 
generations portray distinctive and dynamic behavioral dimensions , so the 
millennials is an interesting group to study because of the millennials ' 
unique characteristics and high BA . The existing body of research has 
demonstrated to a great extent the consumers ' behavior in association with BA 
, BC and BN . Analyzing MCPBFCB can help the marketers and the designers 
***LOADED  to understand consumers ' needs and desires in regard to the fashion 
clothing brands thereby helping them to focus on taking steps to reform their 
brand-related marketing ***LOADED  strategy . In this study , we tested whether 
BC , BN and BA foster MCPBFCB . In addition ***LOADED  , the current research 
also investigates the direct and indirect links between the millennial 
consumers ' concern of BC and BN , as well as the mediating role of BA . 
Drawing on previous research , the data from these findings ***LOADED  support 
the effect of BA and show how it mediates the relationship ***LOADED  . In 
particular , BA reconciles the path from BC and BN to MCPBFCB . This SEM result 
also indicates that MCPBFCB is not just a matter of quality , promotion , 
pricing and distribution . In fact , and to an even greater extent , it shows 
the importance of BC Predictors Estimate Standard error Critical ratio 
Significant level BC MCPBFCB < — BC . . . . MCPBFCB < — BS . . . . MCPBFCB < — 
BCBS . . . . χ /DF . CFI . GFI . RMSEA . BA Estimate Standard error Critical 
Ratio Significant Level MCPBFCB < — BA . . . . MCPBFCB < — BS . . . . MCPBFCB < 
— BABS . . . . χ /DF . CFI . GFI . RMSEA . BN Estimate Standard error Critical 
Ratio Significant Level MCPBFCB < — BN . . . . MCPBFCB < — BS . . . . MCPBFCB < 
— BNBS . . . . χ /DF . CFI . GFI . RMSEA . Note : MCPBFCB : millennial 
consumers ' purchase behavior for fashion clothing brands ; BC : brand 
consciousness , BN : brand nationality , BA : brand awareness , BS : brand 
schematicity Table . Results of moderation analysis Millennials ' purchasing 
behaviour and BN and the overall BA among millennials . Based on the analytical 
results , BA actively mediates BC and MCPBFCB , in addition ***LOADED  to the 
BN and MCPBFCB relationship ***LOADED  . This relationship ***LOADED  supports 
previous research which argued that consumers are conscious of brands before 
they make a repeat purchase . This finding ***LOADED  also indicates that BA in 
the context of fashion clothing brands is an influencing factor ***LOADED  
between BC and millennial consumers for fashion clothing brands within the 
competitive fashion clothing market of Bangladesh . Besides , we investigated 
the moderator role of BS in the relationship ***LOADED  between BC and MCPBFCB 
, BN and MCPBFCB and BA and MCPBFCB . We found that all of the MCPBFCB 
variables are significantly influenced by BS . For individuals with a low 
propensity to BS , BC , BA , and BN had no effect on MCPBFCB . The interaction 
effect observed was significant even after controlling for relevant 
demographics , namely gender . Theoretical implications Considering that 
marketing ***LOADED  and consumers ' buying behavior are firmly related , the 
influencing variable of one on the other in the actual buying behavior of 
consumers is intriguing . This investigation contributes to understanding the 
behavior of millennials , which is a significant profitable segment for the 
fashion retailers . The theory of cognitive schema portrayed in this research 
showed how knowledge ***LOADED  about the particular fashion brand is formed 
and conceptualized in the target customer 's mind when deciding to buy . The 
application of this theory was limited in most of the prior research . However 
, the implication of it is significant because of how consumers process 
information and decide to buy something for themselves . The inner structure of 
schema stays stable across overdesigned spaces , and that enables the analysts 
to regard schematic properties as vital parts of the equivalent hypothetical 
framework ***LOADED  that can be adequately connected in various settings and 
related to different ideas . The results of the study empirically contribute to 
the existing literature of millennial purchasing behavior through a cognitive 
self-schema theory . The uniqueness of the study is examining the concepts of 
BA , BS , BC and BN under the cognitive schema theory paradigm . Besides , this 
research is one of the first efforts in the context of Bangladesh 's millennial 
consumers to identify the significant antecedents such as BA and BS that change 
the relationship ***LOADED  between BC , BN and MCPBFCB . Previous research has 
emphasized almost exclusively the role of experience , perceptual maps , 
consumer status , brand engagement , brand involvement ***LOADED  and brand 
knowledge ***LOADED  on millennial purchasing behavior . Our findings ***LOADED 
 contribute to the literature on brand management ***LOADED  and consumer 
research by demonstrating that MCPBFCB is significantly influenced by BC and BN 
, with the presence of BA as mediation and the role of BS as a significant 
moderator among all the direct relationships ***LOADED  . Managerial ***LOADED  
implications From the managerial ***LOADED  point of view , this research 
explains MCPBFCB embedded with the function of BA , BC , BN and BS . The study 
confirms that the fashion clothing brand marketers should utilize potential 
opportunities of accessible social media technology such as Facebook and 
Twitter to create BA and brand preference ***LOADED  among this group and 
establish future preferences ***LOADED  and possibly brand loyalty toward their 
fashion clothing brand . In order to capture different consumer segments , 
Kautish and Sharma argue that the most effective and convincing promotion 
strategy may be required by the online fashion clothing brands for creating a 
judicious mix in the minds of the target consumers . , In addition ***LOADED  , 
marketers should apply both online and offline advertising in developing BA of 
fashion clothing brands as millennials are a niche market segment but extremely 
attractive for retailers . Therefore , the current research also suggests that 
for influencing their purchasing behavior , the marketers need to understand 
trends that may assist them in clarifying their sensitivity and awareness 
toward local and international fashion clothing brands . Millennials are 
growing up in an environment where technology provides a platform for 
personalization and immediate gratification in all aspects of their life . 
Therefore , the marketers should continuously update their online content and 
train their managers ***LOADED  to effectively use social network sites to 
respond immediately to the millennial demands of fashion clothing brands . The 
results from this research also support the idea that millennials are 
brand-conscious and thus have significant brand loyalty toward fashion clothing 
brands . The results indicated that the millennials who have a high level of BC 
are more concerned about BA information to inform their purchasing behavior . 
Considering the substantial branding efforts of fashion clothing brand outlets 
, our research could be invaluable to the practitioners . For example , as the 
findings ***LOADED  show , the role of BS is high among the relationships 
***LOADED  . Thus , millennial shoppers are progressively distracted with brand 
data and subsequently can be reached by online and offline advertising that 
publicizes the fashion clothing brands rather than their attributes . In 
contrast , the brand-aschematic purchasers likely are persuaded more by product 
attribute–oriented information . Moreover , BS can speed up information 
processing and influence judgment regarding BC , BA and BN . This provides 
efficiently an accessible measure of the millennials ' purchasing behavior 
because it enables the consumer to make the best choice among the other fashion 
clothing brand alternatives . The results of this study show that information 
is vital to millennials when choosing the right fashion clothing brand . The 
result from this present research provides a new perspective that addresses 
***LOADED  millennial customers ' interaction not only through physical 
experience but also through virtual technology during their offline and online 
shopping experience . The fashion clothing brand managers ***LOADED  can focus 
on brand-schematic cues by providing consumers with various information such as 
leaflets that explain a commercial brand 's origin and value of the fashion 
clothing brand . Therefore , consumers should also be provided with 
technology-mediated tools which they could scan for data about different 
rational cues before picking their fashion brand . A brand-schematic buyer 
***LOADED  may be roused to find and store information about the brands that 
reference ***LOADED  members ' use or even utilize the brand pattern to frame 
group inclinations . In this way , BS can be an active retail strategy that has 
critical ramifications for MCPBFCB . As the fashion clothing products are 
directly connected to brand consumer perception , advertisers should 
concentrate on those brand-related cues to draw the attention of millennials . 
A consumer with a higher BS displays more concern of BC , BA and BN . In this 
way , marketers ought to improve consumers ' knowledge ***LOADED  of a fashion 
clothing item by dispersing important brand-related information in well-known 
media . With these innovations , the brand marketers can gain strong 
associations with the millennial consumers . To further build their status with 
the millennial consumers , the marketers should utilize imaginative exercises 
like customized data , promotions and referral projects to build the customers 
' BC and BA and increase the knowledge ***LOADED  of national and international 
brands , which in turn will increase the millennials ' advocacy and purchasing 
of their favorite fashion clothing brands . Limitations of the study and future 
research The findings ***LOADED  of this study contribute to the field of 
consumer research in a particular segment as well as fashion clothing brands . 
However , similarly , as with any Millennials ' purchasing behaviour 
exploration , several limitations exist inside the setting of this empirical 
research . The principal confinement originates from the sample and extent of 
the investigation . Though the current sample is justified statistically , this 
sample may not apply to the entire population . On the other hand , if the 
information accumulation could cover a more extended timeframe and have a more 
significant sample estimate , the representativeness of the sample could be 
improved and the findings ***LOADED  generalized . The impact of different 
factors ***LOADED  like consumer feelings ***LOADED  , emotions , customer 
service , store condition and retailer qualities were not considered in this 
investigation . Thus , future research may focus on these aspects as well . The 
proposed model was developed to study how the millennial 's purchasing behavior 
is being influenced by BC , BA , BN and BS . The study suggests that future 
research may cover the dimensions of brand experience and brand-related stimuli 
to understand MCPBFCB . The current study has also been limited to a particular 
product only . Further research into other product categories such as luxury 
products , destination tourism , or even services , would add more meaningful 
findings ***LOADED  into the brand literature .